{
    "admission": "You can apply for admission on our official website. The last date for application is 31st July.",
    "semester": "The current semester runs from September to December. The next semester will start in February.",
    "library": "The library is open from 8 am to 10 pm on weekdays, and from 10 am to 5 pm on weekends.",
    "exam": "Final exams are scheduled for the first week of December. You can check the exact dates on the university portal.",
    "faculty": "Our faculty includes experienced professionals from various fields. You can find more information about them on the faculty page.",
    "courses": "We offer undergraduate, graduate, and PhD courses in various departments like Science, Engineering, Arts, and Commerce.",
    "sports": "The university has a well-equipped sports complex, and sports events are organized annually. You can also join various sports clubs.",
    "hostel": "The university has separate hostels for boys and girls. Hostel applications are available on the university website.",
    "fees": "Tuition fees are paid online through the university portal. Please check the fees section for detailed payment instructions.",
    "scholarship": "We offer various scholarships based on merit and financial need. You can find the scholarship application on the student portal.",
    "graduation": "Graduation ceremonies are held in May every year. The exact date and schedule will be announced on the university website.",
    "career": "The career services office provides placement assistance and organizes recruitment drives throughout the year.",
    "transport": "The university provides bus services for students commuting from nearby areas. Bus routes and schedules are available on the transport page.",
    "cafeteria": "The cafeteria serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner with both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options.",
    "clubs": "There are various student clubs like the drama club, photography club, coding club, and more. Join through the student activities portal.",
    "alumni": "Our alumni network is vast and supports current students with mentorship opportunities. You can connect through the alumni portal.",
    "timetable": "Your class timetable can be accessed from the student portal under the 'Academics' section.",
    "internship": "The university has tie-ups with various companies for internship opportunities. Check the internship section on the student portal for available positions.",
    "library hours": "The library operates from 8 am to 10 pm, but you can access e-books and journals online anytime through the library portal.",
    "parking": "Parking facilities are available on campus for students and staff. Make sure to get a parking pass from the admin office."
}
